COPYRIGHT NOTICE
----------------

Copyright (c) 1998-2010 by Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
Produced at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
Written by Tammy Dahlgren, Dietmar Ebner, Tom Epperly, Scott Kohn,
           Gary Kumfert, James Leek and Adrian Prantl
           <components@llnl.gov>
UCRL-CODE-2002-054
All rights reserved.

This file is part of Babel. For more information, see
http://www.llnl.gov/CASC/components/.

OUR NOTICE

Our Preamble Notice

A. This notice is required to be provided under our contract with the
U.S.  Department of Energy (DOE). This work was performed under the
auspices of the U.S. Department of Energy by Lawrence Livermore
National Laboratory in part under Contract W-7405-Eng-48 and in part
under Contract DE-AC52-07NA27344.

B. Neither the United States Government nor Lawrence Livermore
National Security, LLC nor any of their employees, makes any warranty,
express or implied, or assumes any liability or responsibility for the
accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus,
product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not
infringe privately-owned rights.

C. Also, reference herein to any specific commercial products,
process, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer or
otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement,
recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or
Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC. The views and opinions of
authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of
the United States Government or Lawrence Livermore National Security,
LLC, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement
purposes.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification
appear in the LICENSE file.
